Today, experimenting with shorting capacitors by using thyristors,
finally I switch them off in order to check my motor that is working as a rotoverter.
What is the minimum amount of real power that I can still run the motor on its nominal rotational speed?
Here is what I saw.
At the input voltage around 14.1 V
it draws input current 0.27 A
There is a watt meter here, which shows the motor input real power.
(not very clear, but one division is 2.5 W)
We have now ... 1.3 ...
It has to be multiplied by 2.5 -- result 3.25 W.
This motor draws 3.25 W.
This motor. it is a 5.5 kW, 400 V motor (not clear, sorry).
5.5 kW of power at 400 V.
This motor can run on only 3.25 W when turning the shaft at its nominal speed.
Of course it runs without a load.
This is a trace on the capacitor,
since the motor is run from 1 phase grid (through a variac).
I have another main watt meter here, but is shows all the power being drawn by things here, including the two oscilloscopes.